everybody just want to come through and
give a quick review of the BH Cosmetics
120 palettes I own two of them this
review is going to be very quick because
all I have to say is good things about
the palettes I love them bottom line
okay and let me just show you the two
editions that I have I have the second
edition and the third edition and they
come nicely packaged they wrap them
perfectly so that to ensure that your
package is not damaged or your palate
does not arrive to you damaged in
shipping so they do that very well
it comes in a box and inside the box the
palette looks like this it's also
wrapped in this level wrap in the box
that it comes on top of but okay so they
bubble wrap it very well okay so it also
so obviously it comes with saran wrap on
it I've had these for probably over
three weeks I purchased them myself okay
so these were not sent to me by BH
Cosmetics or anyone else I bought these
and I am just not ready to take this off
because I don't feel like seeing the
fingerprints on the case and when I get
over it I'll peel this off and be over
it so right now I don't know I'm just
trying to savor the newness of them so I
haven't taken the plastic off anyway let
me just show you the colors this is
again this is this again this is the
second edition palette and the palette
comes like this you have one tray on top
and then the other tray goes on this is
underneath actually and you pull one
side set it there alright obviously I
still have the packing and that's what
the second edition palette looks like
okay hopefully my light is not washing
it out too much because it's awfully
bright but I'm gonna show pictures as
well
so the second addition palette is
obviously very colorful very bright you
get an array of colors which is what I
like okay I didn't choose the first
addition just because it wasn't that
appealing to me maybe because it was the
first edition and not but it's the
second edition to me this has a little
bit more oomph that I'm looking for
so the third edition and I'll show you
the colors of that one this one happens
to be my favorite one okay and if I were
to recommend 120 palette this would be
the one even over the eighty eight's
that they have I would recommend the
third edition 120 and that's what it
looks like hopefully the camera excuse
me the lighting is not washing it out
however I will post a picture
so what I love about this palette is
that you have a warm side and a cool
side okay so you get the best of both
worlds I love the tonality of the
palette just in here there it on camera
it may seem like it's a bunch of the
same kinds of shades but you really get
a nice combination of colors here now
they're very reminiscent of the palettes
I used to sell and there's even colors
there's a bunch of colors I don't have
in these palettes okay and I just like
the convenience of having them all in
120 in one palette right so I really
appreciate that I think you will too
I got mine on sale 30% off they had a
sale so I really got a good deal on it
the shipping was fast they are not like
the Coastal Scents 88 palettes they are
not I have swatched and I have seen
obviously if I'm swatch them I've seen
and swatch the Coastal Scents palette
and I don't really like the 88 palettes
from Coastal Scents they're just they're
different okay there
from the ones I used to sell even so the
BH Cosmetics 125 I recommend I recommend
them to you if you were curious and on
the fence about getting it I say go
ahead go for it you will not regret it
but these right here are the ones okay
so so check out the pictures I'll show
them again at the end of the video and
I'll see you guys in the next video
take care
you